server selection updates (#10)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/fundamentals/connection/server-selection.txt

   custom server selectors can have unintended consequences, such as degraded
   read or write performance.

Example: Selecting Servers Running on ``localhost``
---------------------------------------------------

First, write the server selector function.
The server selector function should accept a list of
``~pymongo.server_description.ServerDescription`` objects, and return a
list of server descriptions that are suitable for the read or write operation.
A server selector must not create or modify
``~pymongo.server_description.ServerDescription`` objects, and must return
the selected instances unchanged.

This example shows a server selector that prioritizes servers running on
``localhost``. This can be desirable when using a sharded cluster with multiple
``mongos`` servers, because locally run queries usually have lower latency and higher
throughput. However, the benefit of preferring ``localhost`` is highly dependent on the
application.

In addition to comparing the hostname with ``localhost``, the server selector
function accounts for the edge case when no servers are running on
``localhost``. In this case, the default server selection logic

> prevails by passing through the received server description list unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prevails by returning the received server description list unchanged.
```

   ...     return servers
   ...

Finally, create a ``~pymongo.MongoClient`` instance with the
server selector:

.. code-block:: python

   >>> client = MongoClient(server_selector=server_selector)

Server Selection Process
------------------------

This section describes the server selection process for reads and
writes. For writes, the driver performs the following operations, in order,
during the selection process:

> - Select all writeable servers from the list of known hosts. For a replica set,

Reviewer: Since order matter, this should be a numbered list
```suggestion
1. Select all writeable servers from the list of known hosts. For a replica set,
```

  the writeable server is the primary. For a sharded cluster, the
  writeable servers are all the known ``mongos`` servers.

- Apply the user-defined server selector function. The custom server
  selector is **not** called if there are no servers left from the previous
  filtering stage.

> - Apply the ``localThresholdMS`` setting to the list of remaining hosts. This
>   whittles the host list down to contain only servers whose latency is at most
>   ``localThresholdMS`` milliseconds higher than the lowest observed latency.

Reviewer: Unless I'm missing something, I think we should just continue to call them servers, since that's the terminology everywhere else.
```suggestion
- Apply the ``localThresholdMS`` setting to the list of remaining servers. This
  whittles the server list down to contain only servers whose latency is at most
  ``localThresholdMS`` milliseconds higher than the lowest observed latency.
```

Author: I think in this case the "host" is where the servers are located (local, atlas, etc.)
